Browser agnostic Baseline site & content (#1706)
web-platform-dx/web-features: gh-pages/webdx-cg.md

---
permalink: webdx-cg
---

# The WebDX Community Group

> The mission of the [Web Developer Experience (WebDX) Community Group](https://www.w3.org/community/webdx/) is to facilitate coordinated approaches to improve the overall experience of developing for the Web platform when such coordination provides unique opportunities for these improvements. — [WebDX Community Group charter](https://github.com/web-platform-dx/admin/blob/main/charter.md).

> A subset of the members of the CG make up the owner and governance body for Baseline. The official definition of what Baseline is, including the goals and non-goals of the project, can be found in the [web-platform-dx/web-features repository](https://github.com/web-platform-dx/web-features/blob/main/docs/baseline.md).
> 
> The community group also owns the [web feature grouping work](web-features).

Reviewer: The Venn diagram with WebDX is kinda complicated. I suggest mostly evading this with something like:

```suggestion
The web-features project grew out of the work of the WebDX Community Group. WebDX plays an important part in coordinating the web-features project by hosting meetings and making connections to research, standardization work, and other efforts.
```

> > The mission of the [Web Developer Experience (WebDX) Community Group](https://www.w3.org/community/webdx/) is to facilitate coordinated approaches to improve the overall experience of developing for the Web platform when such coordination provides unique opportunities for these improvements. — [WebDX Community Group charter](https://github.com/web-platform-dx/admin/blob/main/charter.md).
> 
> A subset of the members of the CG make up the owner and governance body for Baseline. The official definition of what Baseline is, including the goals and non-goals of the project, can be found in the [web-platform-dx/web-features repository](https://github.com/web-platform-dx/web-features/blob/main/docs/baseline.md).
> 
> The community group also owns the [web feature grouping work](web-features).

Reviewer 2: I would actually simplify the intro even more:

```suggestion
The [Web Developer Experience (WebDX) Community Group](https://www.w3.org/community/webdx/) is a W3C Community Group which coordinates the work on [web-features](/web-features) and [Baseline](/baseline). For more information, see the group's [charter](https://github.com/web-platform-dx/admin/blob/main/charter.md).
```

Author: Going to stick with @ddbeck suggestion for now. Feel free to reopen if you feel strongly.
